c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Client.dll.config
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Client.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Client.pdb
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\IdentityModel.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\IdentityServer3.AccessTokenValidation.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\IdentityServer3.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\IdentityModel.pdb
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\IdentityServer3.pdb
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\IdentityServer3.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\IdentityServer3.AccessTokenValidation.pdb
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\IdentityServer3.AccessTokenValidation.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\obj\Debug\Client.dll
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\obj\Debug\Client.pdb
c:\users\phede\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OAuthTest\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Client.dll.config
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Client.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Client.pdb
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\IdentityModel.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\IdentityServer3.AccessTokenValidation.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\IdentityServer3.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Owin.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\IdentityModel.pdb
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\IdentityServer3.pdb
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\IdentityServer3.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\IdentityServer3.AccessTokenValidation.pdb
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\IdentityServer3.AccessTokenValidation.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.pdb
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\obj\Debug\Client.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\obj\Debug\Client.pdb
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.WebApi.ScopeAuthorization.dll
C:\projects\IdentityServerSimpleProject\Client\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.WebApi.ScopeAuthorization.pdb
